If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
Is cereal a soup?
Would you rather have no nose, or no arms?
What is your spirit animal?
Which sport do you think they'll invent next?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Batman(can be anyone, not just D.C.)?
What would be your weapon in a zombie apocalypse?
Which would you prefer to have as your roommate, a goat or a bird?
If you could be a fly on the wall, who would you listen in on?
If you could be in any movie, what would it be?
If you were a fruit, what fruit would be?
What is the worst song ever?
Which musician do you think would make the best teacher?
What instrument do you think is the most annoying?
If you could be a fictional character, who would you be?
What is the most annoying color?
What superhero/villain would make the best spy?
What's the most useless word?
What was your favorite TV show growing up?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever eaten?
What do you do with your spare time?
What would be your dream job?
Do you like pineapple on pizza?
What is the funniest thing you've ever done? 
What celebrity would you most like to switch lives with?
What's a body part you would not mind losing?
What is the dumbest way you've been injured?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be, and why would you choose that name?
What's your favorite animal and why?
Do you squeeze the toothpaste tube or roll it?
How many days could you last in solitary confinement and how would you do it?
What is your favorite type of movie?
What is the most exotic animal you've ever seen?
What is your favorite kind of candy?
What's your favorite ice-cream brand and flavor?
What is your all time favorite board game?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?
What is your favorite restaurant and what do you order?
What is your favorite day of the week and why?
What is your favorite number and why?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what would you have?
What is your favorite season?
What is your favorite candle scent?
Do you like jelly beans? If so, which flavor is your favorite?
Do you like books or movies better? Why?
What was the most recent movie you watched?
What was the last book you read?
What is your favorite genre of music?
What is your favorite thing to do on a cold winter day?
What is your favorite holiday?
If you could travel to any time period, where would you go? 
What's your favorite ice cream topping?
What is the weirdest, but good, food combination you've tried?
Breakfast for dinner?
Are you a night owl or an early bird?
What is your most used emoji?
What is your favorite sandwich?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be and why?
What is your favorite breakfast food?
What is your favorite dessert?
Who would win, 2 cat sized hissing cockroaches or a horse?
Do you have a favorite plant? What is it?
Would you rather have a car sized candy bar or a storage unit full of goldfish?
If you could be any mythical being, what would you be?
If you could go to Mars, would you?
Would you rather live in the ocean or the moon?
If you had to eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is your favorite soda?
What is your favorite video game?
What is the best thing to do on a hot summer day?
What is a random fact you know?
What is your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
Do you prefer to eat at home or eat out?
What is the most unique dessert you've had?
What of no one hears a sound? Does it still exist?
If you could travel to an island with dinosaurs, would you go?
If you could only wear one color for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
If you could grow gills, would you decide to live underwater for the rest of your life?
What would be worse; a dog with a fire alarm as a bark or a mouse in your walls with an unnecessarily loud squeak?
If you could become any plant, what would you be?
What is your favorite letter of the alphabet?
If you never had to eat one vegetable, what would it be?
Which school subject do you like the most?
Would you rather be able to jump up to 10 feet or hold your breath for 5 minutes?
What is one movie you've watched over and over?
If you could instantly learn to play any intrument, what would it be?
Would you rather be a superhero or a wizard?
Rain or snow? Why?
Would you rather understand what animals are saying or have animals understand you?
What does a fox say?
What is something you learned today?
Sweet or salty?
Best movie snack?
Would you rather have three arms or three legs?
10 kittens or 10 puppies?
Would you rather own a tiny elephant or a giant ant?
Would you rather have to eat with your feet or walk with your hands?
If you were stuck on a deserted island with only three items, what would they be?
What was your most recent dream?
4:02?
